Tasks.md, before:

# TODO Tasks for AltTab

## Features
- [x] Implement basic Alt+Tab functionality.
	- [x] Tab, Shift+Tab
	- [x] Backtick, Shift+Backtick
	- [x] Escape
- [x] Add support for custom key bindings.
	- [x] Delete        : Terminate window/process
	- [x] Backtick      : To switch to similar process
	- [x] Shift+Backtick: To switch to similar process
	- [x] Shift+Delete  : Kill Window
- [x] System tray.
	- [x] Add application to system tray.
	- [x]           o----------------------------o
	- [x] Group 1:  | About                      |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 2:  | ReadMe					 |
	- [x] Group 2:  | Help						 |
	- [x] Group 2:  | Release Notes				 |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 3:  | Settings					 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Disable AltTab			 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Check for updates			 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Run At Startup			 |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 4:  | Restart					 |
	- [x] Group 4:  | Exit						 |
	- [x]           o----------------------------o
- [x] Add search string functionality
- [x] Settings & Settings UI
	- [x] Load & Save settings from & to AltTabSettings.ini file
	- [x] Prompt terminate all
	- [x] Fuzzy string match
	- [x] Transparency
	- [x] Window width & height
	- [x] Check for updates
	- [x] Exclude processes
- [x] Custom icon
- [x] Add Context Menu
	- [x]	        o-------------------------------o
	- [x] Group 1:  | Close          | Delete       |
	- [x] Group 1:  | Terminate      | Shift+Delete |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 2:  | &Close All     |              |
	- [x] Group 2:  | &Terminate All |              |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 3:  | &Open Path     |              |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Copy &Path     |              |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 4:  | About          | Shift+F1	    |
	- [x] Group 4:  | Settings       | F2           |
	- [x]	        o-------------------------------o
- [ ] Logger
	- [x] Customize logging
	- [x] Rollover beyoung the max size
	- [x] Log to file
	- [x] Log to console
	- [ ] Use external .properties file for log4cpp
- [x] Custom tooltip.
- [ ] Add support for multiple monitors.
- [x] Use chm files instead of mht.
- [x] Option to disable Search String in AltTab settings UI.
- [ ] Handle Alt+Ctrl+Tab to display the AltTab window.
- [x] Save settings to application directory instead of local AppData directory.
- [ ] Option to disable tray icon in .ini file.
- [ ] Option to specify the rounded corners in AltTab settings UI.
- [x] Make the AltTab window DPI aware.


## Bug Fixes
- [x] Resolve issue with window focus not updating correctly.

## Known issues
- [ ] AltTab hot keys are not working on elevated processs if AltTab is running as a non-elevated process.

## Refactoring
- [ ] Clean up and organize source code.
- [ ] Improve code documentation.

## Documentation
- [ ] Update README with project description and usage instructions.
- [ ] Document architecture and code structure.

Commit message:

1. Added Alt+Ctrl+Tab. 2. Added SearchString settings to INI file. 3. Added Reload button in setting dialog. 4. Added Reload AltTabSettings.ini menu in tray menu. 5. Updated screenshots and help file.

Tasks.md, after:

# TODO Tasks for AltTab

## Features
- [x] Implement basic Alt+Tab functionality.
	- [x] Tab, Shift+Tab
	- [x] Backtick, Shift+Backtick
	- [x] Escape
- [x] Add support for custom key bindings.
	- [x] Delete        : Terminate window/process
	- [x] Backtick      : To switch to similar process
	- [x] Shift+Backtick: To switch to similar process
	- [x] Shift+Delete  : Kill Window
- [x] System tray.
	- [x] Add application to system tray.
	- [x]           o----------------------------o
	- [x] Group 1:  | About                      |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 2:  | ReadMe					 |
	- [x] Group 2:  | Help						 |
	- [x] Group 2:  | Release Notes				 |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 3:  | Settings					 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Disable AltTab			 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Check for updates			 |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Run At Startup			 |
	- [x] Separator |----------------------------|
	- [x] Group 4:  | Reload AltTabSettings.ini  |
	- [x] Group 4:  | Restart					 |
	- [x] Group 4:  | Exit						 |
	- [x]           o----------------------------o
- [x] Add search string functionality
- [x] Settings & Settings UI
	- [x] Load & Save settings from & to AltTabSettings.ini file
	- [x] Prompt terminate all
	- [x] Fuzzy string match
	- [x] Transparency
	- [x] Window width & height
	- [x] Check for updates
	- [x] Exclude processes
- [x] Custom icon
- [x] Add Context Menu
	- [x]	        o-------------------------------o
	- [x] Group 1:  | Close          | Delete       |
	- [x] Group 1:  | Terminate      | Shift+Delete |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 2:  | &Close All     |              |
	- [x] Group 2:  | &Terminate All |              |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 3:  | &Open Path     |              |
	- [x] Group 3:  | Copy &Path     |              |
	- [x] Separator |----------------+--------------|
	- [x] Group 4:  | About          | Shift+F1	    |
	- [x] Group 4:  | Settings       | F2           |
	- [x]	        o-------------------------------o
- [ ] Logger
	- [x] Customize logging
	- [x] Rollover beyoung the max size
	- [x] Log to file
	- [x] Log to console
	- [ ] Use external .properties file for log4cpp
- [x] Custom tooltip.
- [x] Use chm files instead of mht.
- [x] Option to disable Search String in AltTab settings UI.
- [x] Handle Alt+Ctrl+Tab to display the AltTab window.
- [x] Save settings to application directory instead of local AppData directory.
- [x] Make the AltTab window high DPI aware.
- [x] Reload settings when the settings file is modified manually.
- [ ] Add support for multiple monitors.
- [ ] Option to disable tray icon in .ini file.
- [ ] Option to specify the rounded corners in AltTab settings UI.


## Bug Fixes
- [x] Resolve issue with window focus not updating correctly.

## Known issues
- [ ] AltTab hot keys are not working on elevated processs if AltTab is running as a non-elevated process.

## Refactoring
- [ ] Clean up and organize source code.
- [ ] Improve code documentation.

## Documentation
- [ ] Update README with project description and usage instructions.
- [ ] Document architecture and code structure.
